# Solutions to ALP III Exercises

In 2012/13 I took the course [ALP
III](http://www.inf.fu-berlin.de/lehre/WS12/ALP3/ALP312.htm) (algorithms
and programming 3). These are my solutions to the exercises. They
are written in C and Java and during the course I started to use
[Maven](http://maven.apache.org/) for building. 

I haven't scrutinised the repository for code not from me, but I'm quite
sure there isn't any. If anyone finds something proving the opposite,
please notice me. However, the file `04-01b-hashfuncs/reduced-all.txt`
is the result of running `04-01b-hashfuncs/unique-words` on the
concatenation of [Unterm
Birnbaum](http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/26686) and [Effi
Briest](http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/5323) by Theodor Fontane and
[The Tragedie of Hamlet](http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/2265) by
William Shakespeare. It is quite funny, so I left it in the repository.
See also [this
exercise](http://page.mi.fu-berlin.de/erlenhain/ExUniqueWords/). The
original texts were obtained from <http://www.gutenberg.org/> as the
links indicate.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2012 Richard MÃ¶hn

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
